Welcome to your first task and the final project.
Let's take a look at step 8 in the program schematic,
in which 3D objects will be matched over time.
Let's move to step number 8 where the 3D bounding boxes are matched.
To do this quickly, let's search for the respective functioning,
which is called match bounding boxes,
and as you can see here,
we're right in step number 8,
which is coming after the matching of keypoint descriptors,
and your first task here is to match the list of 3D objects,
which you are given as a vector of bounding boxes between the current,
and the previous stream.
The implementation is going to happen in the function match bounding boxes,
but before we move there,
let's take a look at the input.
Now, the input is going to be a pointer to the previous data buffer,
a pointer to the current data buffer,
and this map structure which is called BB best matches,
that's basically the result structure which you should return.
The match bounding boxes itself,
is contained within the cam fusion student file.
So everything which you have to create on the final project,
is basically within this,
or has to be done within this file here.
Let's look at the header first.
So the header of camFusion.hpp contains functions
such as clusterLidarWithROI, clusterKeypointMatchesWithROI,
that's one of the next tasks,
which you have to implement, and right now,
we want to focus on the matching of bonding boxes,
but also you can take a look at show3DObjects of this system.
So we already have some code in here,
and let's look into the CPP version of the code to look at how it works.
So basically, what we have here, let's start from the top.
We have clusterLidarWithROI.
Let's close this down, we have show3DObjects,
and those functions here,
those four are the ones which you need to implement over the course of the final project,
and right now, we are concerned with match bounding boxes.
So the solution to matching bounding boxes over
time should please be implemented at this position here.
So it's your job now to write the code for match bounding boxes.
Let me give you a few tips you might want to follow.
Now, the basic idea is to use the keypoint matches between the previous,
and the current image.
So you might want to make an outer loop of those.
Then you should try to find out by which bounding boxes key points are enclosed,
both on the previous, and in the current frame.
Those will be your potential match candidates whose box IDs you could store in,
let's say, a multimap.
Once you have completed the loop of our key point matches,
you could try to find all the match candidates in the multimap,
which share the same bounding box ID in the previous frame, and just count them.
In the end, you could associate the bounding boxes
with the highest number of occurrences,
but of course, it's up to you how you solve this problem.
At the end of match bounding boxes,
you must return your results to the main function,
by storing the box IDs of all matched pairs,
in the map called PB best matches.
I wish you all the best for this exercise,
which is among the more challenging ones in the final project.